docs: add Boltz Client to Pro docs (#936)
BoltzExchange/boltz-backend: docs/pro.md

---
description: >-
  Boltz Pro is a service designed to dynamically adjust swap fees based on
  Boltz's liquidity needs, helping to maintain wallet and Lightning channel
  balances.
---

> # 🏅 Boltz Pro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 🏅 Pro
```

Boltz Pro can be accessed via API using the [same endpoints and methods](api-v2.md) as the regular Boltz API. To switch to Boltz Pro, API consumers need to:

* add a `Referral` header to all pair related `GET` requests and set it to `pro`
* set the `referralId` to `pro` when creating swaps

## API Client

We recommend using [Boltz Client](https://github.com/BoltzExchange/boltz-client) as API consumer for Boltz Pro, as it safely handles key generation and storage, refunds and many common edge cases. Boltz Client is our battle-tested swap client, powering e.g. the popular [Boltz BTCPay Plugin](https://github.com/BoltzExchange/boltz-btcpay-plugin).

> Check [this section](https://app.gitbook.com/s/ltqiap1Tem0DOTru1DRG/boltz-pro) for details on how to set up Boltz Client for usage with Boltz Pro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check [this section](https://docs.boltz.exchange/boltz-client/boltz-pro) for details on how to set up Boltz Client for usage with Boltz Pro.
```
I guess this is what you want to link?

Author: Nope, the link is correct. Use the linked preview to see how it works. Mentioned this before in https://github.com/BoltzExchange/boltz-backend/pull/934#discussion_r2094059464

Reviewer: It links to the same destination. One works in the markdown and in gitbook. One just in gitbook. Use the one that works in both
